Modulation Toolbox Version 2.1 (official release)

The toolbox was written and tested in Matlab R2007b.


Revision History:
-----------------

April 17, 2013 (revision 2.2)
- fixed a bug where the tutorial1 script was not working in newer versions
  of Matlab. This is because the medfilt1 function in Matlab R2012a (approx)
  and later no longer accepts logical inputs, which were being returned
  from the detect_voicing function at line 167 in detectpitch.m.

September, 2010 (revision 2.1)
- added high-level functions moddecomp(), modspectrum(), modfilter(), and modsynth().
- the detectpitch() algorithm has been substantially revised for increased accuracy and more
  intuitive parameter control.
- the detectpitch() function now returns the pitch in normalized frequency units, where 1 corresponds
  to the Nyquist rate, for consistency with toolbox convention.
- modfilt(), modfiltdesign(), and modfiltfreqz() have been renamed narrowbandfilter(),
  designfilter() and filterfreqz(). The only new feature is that narrobandfilter() is capable of 
  directly filtering an ensemble of signals without a predefined filter object.
- the lowpass extraction filter inside moddecompharm() has a reduced transition bandwidth.
- carrier-window length is now a required parameter for moddecompcog().
- designfilterbank() now only allows one downsampling factor to use with all subbands. filtersubbands()
  and filterbanksynth(), however, are still compatible with subband-specific downsampling factors.
- Removed vestigial help references to viewsmooth() and moddecompsmooth() in help comments and
  tutorial1.
- replaced the viewcog() and viewhilb() functions with a general viewcarriers().
- filterbanksynth() discards imaginary quantization error if below a heuristic threshold.
- fixed bugs in filtersubbands() and filterbanksynth() so they can accurately process complex signals.


April 17, 2009 (revision 1.7, turned into release version 2.0)
Added some window sizes to the modulation spectrogram GUI.
Changed the 'cutoff' parameter in detectpitch() to the number of components used in estimating the fit to a harmonic model.
Fixed the 'play entire signal' and 'play selected frame' controls in modspecgramgui().
Removed references to 'specgramframe' which were halting any change made to parameter settings in modspecgramgui().
Improved the checksubfolders() subfunction within modspecgram(), modspecgramgui(), and removed it from moddecompharm().

March 31, 2009 (revision 1.6)
Removed the 'noise suppression' demo and replaced it with the harmonic speech synthesis demo.
Added 'play entire signal' and 'play current frame' options to modulation spectrogram GUI
Added a 'stop playback' button to the modulation spectrogram GUI

February 27, 2009 (revision 1.5)
Removed the 'phase-smoothing' coherent demodulation option. The only available demodulation options
now are center-of-gravity, harmonic, and Hilbert. Also fixed group-delay correction in modfilt().

December 01, 2009 (revision 1.4)
Added new coherent modulation methods, and replaced the HLT option with two wavelet-transforms.

March 25, 2005 (revision 1.23)
Added colormap option to the GUI menu.

April 8, 2004 (revision 1.20)
Added GUI option to evaluate functions on the modulation spectrogram.

January 20, 2004 (revision 1.15)
Replaced Matlab 6.5's logical operators (|| and &&) with the pre-6.5 binary operators
(| and &) for compatibility

July 7, 2003 (revision 1.00)
First release of the modulation toolbox under a non-profit license. See download instructions
for information on how to obtain your copy of the software.


