On 11/2, I realized that many of these scripts had been overwritten by their previous SVN versions.  
In an effort to be able to recreate figures and analyses that had been previously run, I went
back to the code to try to discover the differences, or rather the new changes that I had made.

Specifically with respect to how I am deriving the trial average HG activation, I noticed inconsistencies
This is reflected in the differences between AllPowerV2 and V3.  In V2, I am using my method for 
deriving a z-scored average activation per trial (normalizing by mean / std from all REST averages).

However, in V2, this appears to be calculated using the hilbert(BP(signal)), which I don't believe
is normally distributed, which is a bit of a problem for z-scores, technically.

To test, I generated another version that is identical to V2 in methodology, but uses the 
log(square(hilbert(BP(signal)))) instead. Running this on 26cb98 and 38e116 I see that it does not make a
substantial difference in the average power as a function of trial as well as the pre-post transition 
estimate, which I guess makes sense.  V4 is the current, usable version.

It is also worth noting that these scripts, pre V4 used only the frequency band that was used for control
to do post-hoc analyses.  In V4, we expanded the field of view to involve not only the control band,
but the entire 70-200 Hz range.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Also, it is valuable for me to write some notes as to how these scripts are / can be used to generate
the figures from the paper.  Especially since I'm bound to forget less than a week from now.

(pre) the basics of these scripts is that they all use the same initial configuration file, called fig_setup.
This file contains information on the colormap that we are using for consistency in plotting, as well as the list
of subject ids, etc.  In future scripts, it might be good to store data sets in here, etc.

(1) First, many of the figures, and subsequent analyses are based on having an estimate of HG activation in a 
given electrode for a given trial.  This ends up being a matrix that is NxM where N represents the number
of channels in the recording montage and M represents the total number of trials performed.  We 
can generate a similar matrix for rest periods, as opposed to trials, if we want to look at other
interesting measures.  In this case the matrix is NxR, where N is the same as previously, but R represents
the total number of rest epochs that we recorded (and included for analyses).

These matrices, as well as a few other pertinent goodies, are generated using the AllPower_batch script 
and the AllPowerVN script, where N is the current version of that script.  I have been toying with a few 
different analysis methods, but the current version is 4.

(2) Using the AllPower cache files generated in step (1) we can now look at fig_finddivs.m  This script
determines the division point in which the estimate of up target activation minus down target activation
can be divided such that the distance between the two distributions (measured as r^2) is maximized.




